Instruction:
Upload your Report and code on MUELE platform.
No Report will be accepted sent through other means
Presentations date 13th June 2026

Introduction
In this practical examination you will complete a significant project in computer vision that uses material that you learned in the course. 
Project Material
Download the  raw dataset folder on from MUELE platform. The folder contains 21 video clips of different herbal plants collected under diverse environmental and lighting conditions.  
TasPS20210810005634ks 
Inspect the  datast. Identify one computer vision challenge or motivation you can do with the dataset. The challenge identified may be related to image processing or object dectection and recognition.
Build a dataset from the raw dataset that would be suitable for selected challenge- Incase you are building an object detection or recognitions model, Use any image annotation tool to annotate your dataset into a format suitable to your challenge
Depending on your challenge what could be the most suitable image features to enhance or extract.
Describe the most suitable feature enhancement or extraction techniques for the features you have identify
Using your dataset build an image enhancement or object detection model
Evaluate your model 

 Deliverables
At the end of the project, you will hand in:
A 10 page (maximum) report written in CVPR format that describes your project (excluding references). The page limit is strict. The report should be structured like a research paper, including introduction, related work, approach, and experimental results. You must submit a PDF. The CVPR format file is available on MUELE
A presentation in PowerPoint format that describes your project. 
A link to GitHub containing your code to reproduce your project.

 Grading
The final project counts for 40% of your course grade and written exam (20%).

Report (18%)
Introduction (4%)
Related Work (2%)
Approach and Correctness (5%)
Analysis of Results (5%)
Clarity and Reproducibility (2%)

Presentation (20%)
Explanation of Method (10%)
Analysis of Results (10%)

Extra credit
Creative application or method (up to 2%)